

                           NEEDS TO BE UPDATED!!!

             THIS README IS FROM THE PREVIOUS IMPLEMENTATION - PA2


----------------------------------------------------------------------------


HTTP server Implementation										  2017-10-08

						HTTP SERVER IMPLEMENTATION

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
						Structure of Implementation
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Our implmentation of a HTTP server starts with a declaration of a few
constants and the included libraries. We then declare a struct to keep track
of information of connected clients. We then declare our functions.

							~~~ Functions ~~~
 We have a few functions to help us with making the server behave as it is
supposed to.
  a. getCurrentDateTimeAsString - date and time in custom format
	 The function gets the current date and time, custom formats it and
	 then returns it.
  b. getCurrentDateTimeAsISOString - date and time in ISO 8601 format
	 The function gets the current date and time, and then returns it in
	 the ISO 8601 format.
  c. getPageString - handles content creation
	 This function creates the content page for GET and POST requests and
	 returns it to the caller of the function.
  d. logRecvMessage - writes to log
	 This function writes client requests the server receives to a log file.
	 It writes the date and time, the client's IP and port numbers, the type
	 of request, the requested URL and the response the server gave the
	 client.
  e. sendHeadResponse - handles HEAD requests
	 This function structures a response if a client sends a HEAD request
	 and then sends the response to the client.
  f. processGetRequest - handles GET requests
	 This function structures a response if a client sends a GET request
	 and then sends the response to the client.
  g. sendNotFoundResponse - handles 404 responses to GET requests
	 This function is called if a GET request is sent and anything but
	 the base URL or index.html is requested
  h. processPostRequest - handles POST requests
	 This function structures a response if a client sends a POST request
	 and then sends the response to the client.
  i. sendNotImplementedResponse - handles unhandled requests
	 If the request is not HEAD, GET or POST this function is called. It
	 creates a '501 Not implmented' response and sends it back to the 
	 client.
  j. printHashMap - test function, not used during normal runtime
	 This debugging function is used to print out keys and values in the
	 hash map that stores the information about the header fields.

						  ~~~ Main section ~~~
 The main section of our program takes care of command line arguments and
sets up the basic information and variable the server uses. It also handles
all the logic of the server.
 Here we also set up everything necessary to use poll() and allowing
multiple clients to connect to the server. Basic information about a client
is stored in an array of a custom struct, ClientInfo.
 We check on errors and timeouts when using poll(), and handle those
instances specifically. Such as, closing any persistent connection related
to that specific client.
 There is also a check on if the server can accept more connections. We
decided to have an upper limit of 64 allowed connections, mostly to see how
we could handle those situations and to make things easier for us for
polling the status of the currently connected clients.
 If there is incoming data on the server socket we take in the size of the
data we received into a variable. If the reception of the data goes wrong 
we close the connection.
Otherwise we start splitting the data we received from the client into
smaller bits that we can use. All the header fields go into a hash table,
while the rest goes into their own variables. These are then used by the
program to decide what is the appropiate next step.
 We check whether or not the connection to the client should be presistent
by checking certain values of the request, e.g. the HTTP version and the
contents of the Connection field if it has one. We then check what type of 
response the client expects and call the appropiate function.
 Finally, there is a check whether or not the connection is persistent. If
not then the connection is closed.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
							Handling fairness
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

 The server has a maximum of 10 backlogged and 64 possible persistent
connections. And after 30 seconds the poll() function times out and all the
persistent connctions are closed and cleared up. It's highly unlikely that
our server will ever encounter higher numbers than that. But if there ever
was any possibility of that happening, we can raise those numbers. The
number of open connections can be brought up to 1024 according to the info
we found about the poll() function.
 Although that doesn't completely eliminate the possibility of a connection
being lost, and fairness being guaranteed, it still come pretty close under
normal circumstances.
 Fairness for accepted/persistent connections is guaranteed by keeping info
about each connection in an array and monitoring them (with poll()) for
activity. If there's any new message to be read from one or more connection,
then poll() will return and the message is read and dealt with and then a
for loop, along with a new call to poll(), ensures that every incoming
message is read and dealt with accordingly.
